Modules
=======

SP3 has taken a clear modular design approach. All modules are named as Cat*, with a wish to be agile and flexible. 

Each module has its single and independent responsibility, performing one aspect of the designed functionality shown below.  

CatCloud
--------

CatCloud is a python application that performs cloud compute nodes scaling. It manages vms on different cloud infrastructure in a configurable fashion.

CatCloud can with CatGrid or Slurm Cluster.


CatGrid
-------

CatGrid is a web service, that manages nodes and jobs. It accepts web API request for nodes add or remove and jobs scheduling.

CatGrid has similar function as Slurm Cluster.


CatStat
-------

CatStats collects state of the CatGrid, and draws graphs based on the CatGrid state.


CatFetch
--------

CatFetch is a web API that downloads data from different data sources, like ENA or other sources.


CatDownload
-----------

CatDownload is a web API that provides URL of files to be downloaded.


CatWebUI
--------

CatWeb UI is a web user interface that allows user to interact with SP3, for fetching data, analysing samples on different pipelines, monitoring the progress and download the result. 


CatWebAPI
---------

CatWeb API is a web API that provides endpoints for fetching data, analysing samples on different pipelines, monitoring the progress and download the result.


CatTag
------

CatTag is a web API that provides tagging features for runs and samples.


CatReport
---------

Catreport is a service that takes requests for reporting, generating reports and serving them on the web. 

For example, a clockwork pipeline has a report generated by Catreport for its output on Kraken2, Mykrobe, Samtool QXC and drug resistance.